Chapter_01.md: 1. Blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of the wicked, nor stands in the way of sinners, nor sits in the seat of scoffers;
Chapter_02.md: 1. Why do the nations rage and the peoples plot in vain?
Chapter_03.md: 1. Save Me, O My God   O Lord, how many are my foes! Many are rising against me;
Chapter_04.md: 1. Answer me when I call, O God of my righteousness! You have given me relief when I was in distress. Be gracious to me and hear my prayer!
Chapter_05.md: 1. Give ear to my words, O Lord; consider my groaning.
Chapter_06.md: 1. O Lord, rebuke me not in your anger, nor discipline me in your wrath.
Chapter_07.md: 1.  O Lord my God, in you do I take refuge; save me from all my pursuers and deliver me,
Chapter_08.md: 1. O Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory above the heavens.
Chapter_09.md: 1. I will give thanks to the Lord with my whole heart; I will recount all of your wonderful deeds.
Chapter_10.md: 1. Why Do You Hide Yourself? Why, O Lord, do you stand far away? Why do you hide yourself in times of trouble?
Chapter_100.md: 1. His Steadfast Love Endures Forever A Psalm for giving thanks. Make a joyful noise to the Lord, all the earth!
Chapter_101.md: 1. I Will Walk with Integrity A Psalm of David. I will sing of steadfast love and justice; to you, O Lord, I will make music.
Chapter_102.md: 1. Do Not Hide Your Face from Me A Prayer of one afflicted, when he is faint and pours out his complaint before the Lord. Hear my prayer, O Lord; let my cry come to you!
Chapter_103.md: 1. Bless the Lord, O My Soul Of David. Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name!
Chapter_104.md: 1. O Lord My God, You Are Very Great Bless the Lord, O my soul! O Lord my God, you are very great! You are clothed with splendor and majesty,
Chapter_105.md: 1. Tell of All His Wonderful Works Oh give thanks to the Lord; call upon his name; make known his deeds among the peoples!
Chapter_106.md: 1. Give Thanks to the Lord, for He Is Good Praise the Lord! Oh give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Chapter_107.md: 1. Let the Redeemed of the Lord Say So Oh give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever!
Chapter_108.md: 1. With God We Shall Do Valiantly A Song. A Psalm of David. My heart is steadfast, O God! I will sing and make melody with all my being!
Chapter_109.md: 1. Help Me, O Lord My God To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. Be not silent, O God of my praise!
Chapter_11.md: 1. In the Lord I take refuge; how can you say to my soul, Flee like a bird to your mountain,
Chapter_110.md: 1. Sit at My Right Hand A Psalm of David. The Lord says to my Lord : Sit at my right hand, until I make your enemies your footstool.
Chapter_111.md: 1. Great Are the Lord ’s Works Praise the Lord! I will give thanks to the Lord with my whole heart, in the company of the upright, in the congregation.
Chapter_112.md: 1. The Righteous Will Never Be Moved Praise the Lord! Blessed is the man who fears the Lord, who greatly delights in his commandments!
Chapter_113.md: 1. Who Is like the Lord Our God? Praise the Lord! Praise, O servants of the Lord, praise the name of the Lord!
Chapter_114.md: 1. Tremble at the Presence of the Lord When Israel went out from Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people of strange language,
Chapter_115.md: 1. To Your Name Give Glory Not to us, O Lord, not to us, but to your name give glory, for the sake of your steadfast love and your faithfulness!
Chapter_116.md: 1. I Love the Lord I love the Lord, because he has heard my voice and my pleas for mercy.
Chapter_117.md: 1. The Lord ’s Faithfulness Endures Forever Praise the Lord, all nations! Extol him, all peoples!
Chapter_118.md: 1. His Steadfast Love Endures Forever Oh give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever!
Chapter_119.md: 1. Your Word Is a Lamp to My Feet Aleph Blessed are those whose way is blameless, who walk in the law of the Lord!
Chapter_12.md: 1. Save, O Lord, for the godly one is gone; for the faithful have vanished from among the children of man.
Chapter_120.md: 1. Deliver Me, O Lord A Song of Ascents. In my distress I called to the Lord, and he answered me.
Chapter_121.md: 1. My Help Comes from the Lord A Song of Ascents. I lift up my eyes to the hills. From where does my help come?
Chapter_122.md: 1. Let Us Go to the House of the Lord A Song of Ascents. Of David. I was glad when they said to me, Let us go to the house of the Lord!
Chapter_123.md: 1. Our Eyes Look to the Lord Our God A Song of Ascents. To you I lift up my eyes, O you who are enthroned in the heavens!
Chapter_124.md: 1. Our Help Is in the Name of the Lord A Song of Ascents. Of David. If it had not been the Lord who was on our side— let Israel now say —
Chapter_125.md: 1. The Lord Surrounds His People A Song of Ascents. Those who trust in the Lord are like Mount Zion, which cannot be moved, but abides forever.
Chapter_126.md: 1. Restore Our Fortunes, O Lord A Song of Ascents. When the Lord restored the fortunes of Zion, we were like those who dream.
Chapter_127.md: 1. Unless the Lord Builds the House A Song of Ascents. Of Solomon. Unless the Lord builds the house, those who build it labor in vain. Unless the Lord watches over the city, the watchman stays awake in vain.
Chapter_128.md: 1. Blessed Is Everyone Who Fears the Lord A Song of Ascents. Blessed is everyone who fears the Lord, who walks in his ways!
Chapter_129.md: 1. They Have Afflicted Me from My Youth A Song of Ascents. Greatly have they afflicted me from my youth — let Israel now say —
Chapter_13.md: 1. How long, O Lord? Will you forget me forever? How long will you hide your face from me?
Chapter_130.md: 1. My Soul Waits for the Lord A Song of Ascents. Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord!
Chapter_131.md: 1. I Have Calmed and Quieted My Soul A Song of Ascents. Of David. O Lord, my heart is not lifted up; my eyes are not raised too high; I do not occupy myself with things too great and too marvelous for me.
Chapter_132.md: 1. The Lord Has Chosen Zion A Song of Ascents. Remember, O Lord, in David’s favor, all the hardships he endured,
Chapter_133.md: 1. When Brothers Dwell in Unity A Song of Ascents. Of David. Behold, how good and pleasant it is when brothers dwell in unity!
Chapter_134.md: 1. Come, Bless the Lord A Song of Ascents. Come, bless the Lord, all you servants of the Lord, who stand by night in the house of the Lord!
Chapter_135.md: 1. Your Name, O Lord, Endures Forever Praise the Lord! Praise the name of the Lord, give praise, O servants of the Lord,
Chapter_136.md: 1. His Steadfast Love Endures Forever Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever.
Chapter_137.md: 1. How Shall We Sing the Lord ’s Song? By the waters of Babylon, there we sat down and wept, when we remembered Zion.
Chapter_138.md: 1. Give Thanks to the Lord Of David. I give you thanks, O Lord, with my whole heart; before the gods I sing your praise;
Chapter_139.md: 1. Search Me, O God, and Know My Heart To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. O Lord, you have searched me and known me!
Chapter_14.md: 1. The fool says in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they do abominable deeds, there is none who does good.
Chapter_140.md: 1. Deliver Me, O Lord, from Evil Men To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. Deliver me, O Lord, from evil men; preserve me from violent men,
Chapter_141.md: 1. Give Ear to My Voice A Psalm of David. O Lord, I call upon you; hasten to me! Give ear to my voice when I call to you!
Chapter_142.md: 1. You Are My Refuge A Maskil of David, when he was in the cave. A Prayer. With my voice I cry out to the Lord; with my voice I plead for mercy to the Lord.
Chapter_143.md: 1. My Soul Thirsts for You A Psalm of David. Hear my prayer, O Lord; give ear to my pleas for mercy! In your faithfulness answer me, in your righteousness!
Chapter_144.md: 1. My Rock and My Fortress Of David. Blessed be the Lord, my rock, who trains my hands for war, and my fingers for battle;
Chapter_145.md: 1. Great Is the Lord A Song of Praise. Of David. I will extol you, my God and King, and bless your name forever and ever.
Chapter_146.md: 1. Put Not Your Trust in Princes Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord, O my soul!
Chapter_147.md: 1. He Heals the Brokenhearted Praise the Lord! For it is good to sing praises to our God; for it is pleasant, and a song of praise is fitting.
Chapter_148.md: 1. Praise the Name of the Lord Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord from the heavens; praise him in the heights!
Chapter_149.md: 1. Sing to the Lord a New Song Praise the Lord! Sing to the Lord a new song, his praise in the assembly of the godly!
Chapter_15.md: 1. O Lord, who shall sojourn in your tent? Who shall dwell on your holy hill?
Chapter_150.md: 1. Let Everything Praise the Lord Praise the Lord! Praise God in his sanctuary; praise him in his mighty heavens!
Chapter_16.md: 1. Preserve me, O God, for in you I take refuge.
Chapter_17.md: 1. Hear a just cause, O Lord; attend to my cry! Give ear to my prayer from lips free of deceit!
Chapter_18.md: 1. I love you, O Lord, my strength.
Chapter_19.md: 1. The heavens declare the glory of God, and the sky above proclaims his handiwork.
Chapter_20.md: 1. May the Lord answer you in the day of trouble! May the name of the God of Jacob protect you!
Chapter_21.md: 1. O Lord, in your strength the king rejoices, and in your salvation how greatly he exults!
Chapter_22.md: 1. My God, my God, why have you forsaken me? Why are you so far from saving me, from the words of my groaning?
Chapter_23.md: 1. The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Chapter_24.md: 1. The earth is the Lord ’s and the fullness thereof, the world and those who dwell therein,
Chapter_25.md: 1. To you, O Lord, I lift up my soul.
Chapter_26.md: 1. Vindicate me, O Lord, for I have walked in my integrity, and I have trusted in the Lord without wavering.
Chapter_27.md: 1. The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The Lord is the stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
Chapter_28.md: 1. To you, O Lord, I call; my rock, be not deaf to me, lest, if you be silent to me, I become like those who go down to the pit.
Chapter_29.md: 1. Ascribe to the Lord, O heavenly beings, ascribe to the Lord glory and strength.
Chapter_30.md: 1. Joy Comes with the Morning A Psalm of David. A song at the dedication of the temple. I will extol you, O Lord, for you have drawn me up and have not let my foes rejoice over me.
Chapter_31.md: 1. Into Your Hand I Commit My Spirit To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. In you, O Lord, do I take refuge; let me never be put to shame; in your righteousness deliver me!
Chapter_32.md: 1. Blessed Are the Forgiven A Maskil of David. Blessed is the one whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Chapter_33.md: 1. The Steadfast Love of the Lord Shout for joy in the Lord, O you righteous! Praise befits the upright.
Chapter_34.md: 1. Taste and See That the Lord Is Good Of David, when he changed his behavior before Abimelech, so that he drove him out, and he went away. I will bless the Lord at all times; his praise shall continually be in my mouth.
Chapter_35.md: 1. Great Is the Lord Of David. Contend, O Lord, with those who contend with me; fight against those who fight against me!
Chapter_36.md: 1. How Precious Is Your Steadfast Love To the choirmaster. Of David, the servant of the Lord. Transgression speaks to the wicked deep in his heart; there is no fear of God before his eyes.
Chapter_37.md: 1. He Will Not Forsake His Saints Of David. Fret not yourself because of evildoers; be not envious of wrongdoers!
Chapter_38.md: 1. Do Not Forsake Me, O Lord A Psalm of David, for the memorial offering. O Lord, rebuke me not in your anger, nor discipline me in your wrath!
Chapter_39.md: 1. What Is the Measure of My Days? To the choirmaster : to Jeduthun. A Psalm of David. I said, I will guard my ways, that I may not sin with my tongue; I will guard my mouth with a muzzle, so long as the wicked are in my presence.
Chapter_40.md: 1. My Help and My Deliverer To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. I waited patiently for the Lord; he inclined to me and heard my cry.
Chapter_41.md: 1. O Lord, Be Gracious to Me To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. Blessed is the one who considers the poor! In the day of trouble the Lord delivers him;
Chapter_42.md: 1. Why Are You Cast Down, O My Soul? To the choirmaster. A Maskil of the Sons of Korah. As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God.
Chapter_43.md: 1. Send Out Your Light and Your Truth Vindicate me, O God, and defend my cause against an ungodly people, from the deceitful and unjust man deliver me!
Chapter_44.md: 1. Come to Our Help To the choirmaster. A Maskil of the Sons of Korah. O God, we have heard with our ears, our fathers have told us, what deeds you performed in their days, in the days of old :
Chapter_45.md: 1. Your Throne, O God, Is Forever To the choirmaster : according to Lilies. A Maskil of the Sons of Korah; a love song. My heart overflows with a pleasing theme; I address my verses to the king; my tongue is like the pen of a ready scribe.
Chapter_46.md: 1. God Is Our Fortress To the choirmaster. Of the Sons of Korah. According to Alamoth. A Song. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Chapter_47.md: 1. God Is King over All the Earth To the choirmaster. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. Clap your hands, all peoples! Shout to God with loud songs of joy!
Chapter_48.md: 1. Zion, the City of Our God A Song. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised in the city of our God! His holy mountain,
Chapter_49.md: 1. Why Should I Fear in Times of Trouble? To the choirmaster. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. Hear this, all peoples! Give ear, all inhabitants of the world,
Chapter_50.md: 1. God Himself Is Judge A Psalm of Asaph. The Mighty One, God the Lord, speaks and summons the earth from the rising of the sun to its setting.
Chapter_51.md: 1. Create in Me a Clean Heart, O God To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David, when Nathan the prophet went to him, after he had gone in to Bathsheba. Have mercy on me, O God, according to your steadfast love; according to your abundant mercy blot out my transgressions.
Chapter_52.md: 1. The Steadfast Love of God Endures To the choirmaster. A Maskil of David, when Doeg, the Edomite, came and told Saul, David has come to the house of Ahimelech. Why do you boast of evil, O mighty man? The steadfast love of God endures all the day.
Chapter_53.md: 1. There Is None Who Does Good To the choirmaster : according to Mahalath. A Maskil of David. The fool says in his heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, doing abominable iniquity; there is none who does good.
Chapter_54.md: 1. The Lord Upholds My Life To the choirmaster : with stringed instruments. A Maskil of David, when the Ziphites went and told Saul, Is not David hiding among us? O God, save me by your name, and vindicate me by your might.
Chapter_55.md: 1. Cast Your Burden on the Lord To the choirmaster : with stringed instruments. A Maskil of David. Give ear to my prayer, O God, and hide not yourself from my plea for mercy!
Chapter_56.md: 1. In God I Trust To the choirmaster : according to The Dove on Far-off Terebinths. A Miktam of David, when the Philistines seized him in Gath. Be gracious to me, O God, for man tramples on me; all day long an attacker oppresses me;
Chapter_57.md: 1. Let Your Glory Be over All the Earth To the choirmaster : according to Do Not Destroy. A Miktam of David, when he fled from Saul, in the cave. Be merciful to me, O God, be merciful to me, for in you my soul takes refuge; in the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, till the storms of destruction pass by.
Chapter_58.md: 1. God Who Judges the Earth To the choirmaster : according to Do Not Destroy. A Miktam of David. Do you indeed decree what is right, you gods? Do you judge the children of man uprightly?
Chapter_59.md: 1. Deliver Me from My Enemies To the choirmaster : according to Do Not Destroy. A Miktam of David, when Saul sent men to watch his house in order to kill him. Deliver me from my enemies, O my God; protect me from those who rise up against me;
Chapter_60.md: 1. He Will Tread Down Our Foes To the choirmaster : according to Shushan Eduth. A Miktam of David; for instruction; when he strove with Aram-naharaim and with Aram-zobah, and when Joab on his return struck down twelve thousand of Edom in the Valley of Salt. O God, you have rejected us, broken our defenses; you have been angry; oh, restore us.
Chapter_61.md: 1. Lead Me to the Rock To the choirmaster : with stringed instruments. Of David. Hear my cry, O God, listen to my prayer;
Chapter_62.md: 1. My Soul Waits for God Alone To the choirmaster : according to Jeduthun. A Psalm of David. For God alone my soul waits in silence; from him comes my salvation.
Chapter_63.md: 1. My Soul Thirsts for You A Psalm of David, when he was in the wilderness of Judah. O God, you are my God; earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you; my flesh faints for you, as in a dry and weary land where there is no water.
Chapter_64.md: 1. Hide Me from the Wicked To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. Hear my voice, O God, in my complaint; preserve my life from dread of the enemy.
Chapter_65.md: 1. O God of Our Salvation To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. A Song. Praise is due to you, O God, in Zion, and to you shall vows be performed.
Chapter_66.md: 1. How Awesome Are Your Deeds To the choirmaster. A Song. A Psalm. Shout for joy to God, all the earth;
Chapter_67.md: 1. Make Your Face Shine upon Us To the choirmaster : with stringed instruments. A Psalm. A Song. May God be gracious to us and bless us and make his face to shine upon us,
Chapter_68.md: 1. God Shall Scatter His Enemies To the choirmaster. A Psalm of David. A Song. God shall arise, his enemies shall be scattered; and those who hate him shall flee before him!
Chapter_69.md: 1. Save Me, O God To the choirmaster : according to Lilies. Of David. Save me, O God! For the waters have come up to my neck.
Chapter_70.md: 1. O Lord, Do Not Delay To the choirmaster. Of David, for the memorial offering. Make haste, O God, to deliver me! O Lord, make haste to help me!
Chapter_71.md: 1. Forsake Me Not When My Strength Is Spent In you, O Lord, do I take refuge; let me never be put to shame!
Chapter_72.md: 1. Give the King Your Justice Of Solomon. Give the king your justice, O God, and your righteousness to the royal son!
Chapter_73.md: 1. God Is My Strength and Portion Forever A Psalm of Asaph. Truly God is good to Israel, to those who are pure in heart.
Chapter_74.md: 1. Arise, O God, Defend Your Cause A Maskil of Asaph. O God, why do you cast us off forever? Why does your anger smoke against the sheep of your pasture?
Chapter_75.md: 1. God Will Judge with Equity To the choirmaster : according to Do Not Destroy. A Psalm of Asaph. A Song. We give thanks to you, O God; we give thanks, for your name is near. We recount your wondrous deeds.
Chapter_76.md: 1. Who Can Stand Before You? To the choirmaster : with stringed instruments. A Psalm of Asaph. A Song. In Judah God is known; his name is great in Israel.
Chapter_77.md: 1. In the Day of Trouble I Seek the Lord To the choirmaster : according to Jeduthun. A Psalm of Asaph. I cry aloud to God, aloud to God, and he will hear me.
Chapter_78.md: 1. Tell the Coming Generation A Maskil of Asaph. Give ear, O my people, to my teaching; incline your ears to the words of my mouth!
Chapter_79.md: 1. How Long, O Lord? A Psalm of Asaph. O God, the nations have come into your inheritance; they have defiled your holy temple; they have laid Jerusalem in ruins.
Chapter_80.md: 1. Restore Us, O God To the choirmaster : according to Lilies. A Testimony. Of Asaph, a Psalm. Give ear, O Shepherd of Israel, you who lead Joseph like a flock. You who are enthroned upon the cherubim, shine forth.
Chapter_81.md: 1. Oh, That My People Would Listen to Me To the choirmaster : according to The Gittith. Of Asaph. Sing aloud to God our strength; shout for joy to the God of Jacob!
Chapter_82.md: 1. Rescue the Weak and Needy A Psalm of Asaph. God has taken his place in the divine council; in the midst of the gods he holds judgment :
Chapter_83.md: 1. O God, Do Not Keep Silence A Song. A Psalm of Asaph. O God, do not keep silence; do not hold your peace or be still, O God!
Chapter_84.md: 1. My Soul Longs for the Courts of the Lord To the choirmaster : according to The Gittith. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. How lovely is your dwelling place, O Lord of hosts!
Chapter_85.md: 1. Revive Us Again To the choirmaster. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. Lord, you were favorable to your land; you restored the fortunes of Jacob.
Chapter_86.md: 1. Great Is Your Steadfast Love A Prayer of David. Incline your ear, O Lord, and answer me, for I am poor and needy.
Chapter_87.md: 1. Glorious Things of You Are Spoken A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. A Song. On the holy mount stands the city he founded;
Chapter_88.md: 1. I Cry Out Day and Night Before You A Song. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. To the choirmaster : according to Mahalath Leannoth. A Maskil of Heman the Ezrahite. O Lord, God of my salvation; I cry out day and night before you.
Chapter_89.md: 1. I Will Sing of the Steadfast Love of the Lord A Maskil of Ethan the Ezrahite. I will sing of the steadfast love of the Lord, forever; with my mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations.
Chapter_90.md: 1. From Everlasting to Everlasting A Prayer of Moses, the man of God. Lord, you have been our dwelling place in all generations.
Chapter_91.md: 1. My Refuge and My Fortress He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty.
Chapter_92.md: 1. How Great Are Your Works A Psalm. A Song for the Sabbath. It is good to give thanks to the Lord, to sing praises to your name, O Most High;
Chapter_93.md: 1. The Lord Reigns The Lord reigns; he is robed in majesty; the Lord is robed; he has put on strength as his belt. Yes, the world is established; it shall never be moved.
Chapter_94.md: 1. The Lord Will Not Forsake His People O Lord, God of vengeance, O God of vengeance, shine forth!
Chapter_95.md: 1. Let Us Sing Songs of Praise Oh come, let us sing to the Lord; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation!
Chapter_96.md: 1. Worship in the Splendor of Holiness Oh sing to the Lord a new song; sing to the Lord, all the earth!
Chapter_97.md: 1. The Lord Reigns The Lord reigns, let the earth rejoice; let the many coastlands be glad!
Chapter_98.md: 1. Make a Joyful Noise to the Lord A Psalm. Oh sing to the Lord a new song, for he has done marvelous things! His right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him.
Chapter_99.md: 1. The Lord Our God Is Holy The Lord reigns; let the peoples tremble! He sits enthroned upon the cherubim; let the earth quake!
